hi of folks is maximum Nexus S hacks com
so got quick rom overview of heli being
a rom for your Nexus S or nexus s 4g
I've got it on my nexus s 4g and Nexus S
I've got the nexus s 4g here um this one
comes with its own slightly modified
colonel called devil colonel certainly
one of my best recommendations if you
want to run solid android 422 rom here
this is a slightly modded CM 10.1
basically cyanogenmod rom but it's been
ported to the nexus s but it's helly
beam has always been one of the best i
have it on a couple of my other phones
that's why i really recommend this one
if you want a flawless CM 10.1
experience for the nexus s since there's
no official versions for it this is what
i really recommend if you want like a
pure CM 10.1 experience stability
performance and then let me show you
some of the stuff here that's the
launcher on the lockscreen some options
here auto-rotate lock screen you can
leave that on I'm see-through if you
want to be able to see through that's
kind of cool background paper maximize
widgets slider shortcuts you can change
your shortcuts here certainly there and
let me show you let me see system also
you can go to you I and change it into
tablet UI if you want status bar here
you can change the status bar
transparency Styles brightens control
quick sanding settings panel here I'm
you can enable quick panel here so
instead of using two fingers you can use
one finger on the right side to get your
your tiles there and you can add more
tiles different titles here and also
change the order if you want and that
should show up right away exactly like
that I'm so very nice from a couple
little bit of additions but heli being
again is a very good rom for those of
you who
want very stable Android for dot-to-dot
to rom and also raspberry jelly is
pretty good too you can enable the kill
back button there and some more stuff
built build up prop mods so it's
slightly different from CM 10.1 but
again it the best thing about this rom
is that it's you know very stable highly
recommend it and let's go look at the
camera real quick and there we go and
let's stick some couple photos here
there you go working nice let's focus on
that super user icon working really nice
actually this is one of the best um best
phones working really well with the
android 42 camera some of the older
devices i own like the HTC evo and stuff
I have CM 10.1 but the camera is not
nearly as anywhere the same also of
course you get the DSP manager a Wi-Fi
tether app for Wi-Fi tethering so pretty
good in pretty nice rum so check it out
for this week's rom the week and also if
Google now is broken simply go to the
Play Store and update to Google Search
app in the Play Store and it will work
after that other than that very solid
wrong check it out for this week's one
week and way for 22 um this is you know
highly recommended and I think you guys
will like it and do them any one we
think and if you have a nexus s as
always don't forget to sign up for my
email list at nexus s hacks com we
update you once a week with rommel the
week tips acts more and also if you are
new to please hit that like button for
me here subscribe button down there and
I'll see you guys soon um try the
Halloween for any way for 22 if you're
looking for a very very solid Android
for 22 daily driver um you'll love this
one anyway see you guys later and stay
high on android